The governor...
the subject...
was an able man...
with a tall Culture Level...
but to world age...
It's called impetuance.
He was 29 years old, but he was proud and had a good father.
He was also a good teacher.
He came to visit the Shogamatanji.
However, he was embarrassed by the lack of 300 ryo of money.
Moreover, he was very disappointed in his own family.
He was very disappointed in the work of collecting money.
When he was embarrassed, he said,
I thought he was a bastard, but he was a Shogamatanji.
I am a third-rate
I will lend you that money.
I asked him,
He said he lived in the 54th division.
He was a Shogamatanji.
He said he would lend me the money,
and he put it in the pocket.
And he made a good deal.
He borrowed 300 ryo from the Shogamatanji.
He said he would be a Shogamatanji.
Your waist is a Shogamatanji.
But the men kept the man close.
Omo You two know their sense of shame.
No one can say Good luck with the Kimens,
as long as you catch 주국지.
Onlyraman
에요
He is a master.
French